---
caption:
  title: Design Product Making Project
  subtitle: <strong>Making Project</strong>
  category: 2Fun Projects
  thumbnail: assets/img/portfolio/Design/Design.png

title: Butts Recycling Device
subtitle: Making Project
category: 2Fun Projects
image: assets/img/portfolio/Recycle/IMG_7528.PNG
award: false
---
- **Cigarette Butt Recycling Device Project**
  - **Motivation for Development**
    - Aim to reduce costs associated with collecting and disposing of discarded cigarette butts.
    - Ultimate goal is to protect the local environment by reducing littered cigarette butts and creating a cleaner community.

  - **Description of the Device**
    - Features NFC reader for card and phone recognition.
    - Equipped with a speaker to provide voice guidance.
    - LCD displays membership number and accumulated points.
    - Built-in fan for smoke removal.
    - Separates cigarette ashes from the filter using a geared motor.

  - **Production Process**
    - Collected data on smoking rates and cigarette consumption in Korea.
    - Surveyed the willingness of smokers to participate in recycling programs with proper incentives.
    - Selected partner companies that are already engaged in cigarette butt recycling abroad.

  - **Results and Expected Benefits**
    - Annually, 80 billion cigarettes are consumed in Korea, generating 7,000 tons of waste.
    - Current waste incineration costs amount to 3 billion KRW per year.
    - Cigarette butts are not just waste but recyclable resources, with 95.4% of them being recyclable.
    - A significant percentage of smokers (80.1%) indicated they would participate in incentive-based recycling programs.
    - Expected to encourage the use of smoking booths and form a pleasant environment.

  - **Market Research**
    - Verified the feasibility of a cigarette butt recycling business through interviews with companies already conducting such projects abroad.

---

For more information about this project, click [**Poster**](assets/pdf/Recycle/Poster.pdf)! (Written in Korean.)